hey guys today I'm going to show you a
kind of curl my hair it's short and
sometimes I like to curl it just to kind
of change things up a little bit it can
dress it up for a more formal occasion
or sometimes it's just fun just to have
it curls just to wear around town
I have already curls the back part just
to save time here I will show you just
on this remaining part how I have done
that my hair is not very long it just
comes to about right here so is the
thundergirl that you can do on present
you do anything else with so I used a
one-inch layer and a section off my hair
when I did the bottom i sectioned it up
into different sections and now I'm on
the top section I use a file so I'm
going to start I'm going to roll this
away from my face I'm going to set them
from there right at the base of my hair
I'm just going to twist it and it just
going to hold it in and just kind of
slowly work back hair through the barrel
of the gridiron
okay I'm going to do that again
the better the bait and then we'll just
roll it through that barrel to be there
take fairly large chunks and one of them
- bad news I don't want it to be too
pretty
I just want it to be kind of a nice ones
in a way but not totally really so just
leave those straight take this last
piece and roll it through now on the
back underneath i alternated the
direction that I curls with curls so
that they're not all going in the same
direction so you would do one so like
this this is going back so you do this
front section back and then on the next
section you would roll with and I've
already rolled it and I match that you
would to alternate that you turn this
way you roll up front and so that's what
we've done in the back part back here
it's been all sweet even a little bit
put this back that's okay then you don't
want to do anything with your curls and
selves in school but after school you
just kind of loosely run your fingers
through to break in my house let me
check back here make sure I got okay
just that piece let's grab these Hey run
our fingers through break it up a little
bit so that they're not necessarily
individual curl but more that you have
the general overall look for your hair
and you just clean it mess around with
it a little bit again you're going to
want to wait till they're they've cooled
down so that the curls tails track this
section right there
let that float before I mess up it a
little more so you're just gonna gonna
run your fingers through and let them
around a little bit get it 21 that you
can and then you're done just gonna
lightly spray and there you have a
different look for your short straight
hair